1.css frame work
ans.css frame works are liabries that make web page styling easier.some of them are foundation bootstrap,gumb,semantic UI etc.

2.what do you understand by the universal selector?
A universal selector that matches any element type's name insted of selecting elements of particular type


3.Tell us about rule selecting
ans.The rules is used for identification of selectors,which can be attached with other selectors.
The two parts of a rule set are
Declaration block-contain one or more semicolomun declarations
sector indicates the html element need to be styled
example h1 is selector and {color:red}is declaration



3.elements of css Box model
ans.The CSS box model defines the layout and design of CSS elements
The elements are content (like text and Images),padding (the area around content),border(the area around padding)and margin(the area around border)

4.diifence between css3 and css2
ans.css3
Both html and csss where to put in a single file.
there are nio way to writing the css rules

css2
CSS splits up different section of code into modules
there are new ways to write CSS rules

5.How can CSS be integrated(link) into an HTML page?
ans.3.ways
using style tage in head section
using inline styling
Linking css page to html




6.what is meant by RGB stream?
ans.RGB represents colors in CSS.The three streams are namely Red,green,and Blue.The intensity of colors is represented using numbers 0 to 256.


7.what is the purpose of developing css?
ans.CSS was developed to define the visual apperance of websites.It allows developers to separate the strcture and content of a website that was not possible before.

8.Difference between class and id?
ans.class is ways of using HTML elements for styling.They are not unique and have miltiple elemnts.
where as Id is uniques and can be assigned to single lement.

9.Explain a few advantages of CSS.
ans.With css different document can be contrlled using single site,styles can be grouped in complex situations using selectors and grouping methods,and multiple Html elements can have classes


//intermediate css questions
10.define z index;
if we want move object front or back we use z axis and if we want to use z index we have to posion to the selector



