Components
Components describe the part of user Interface
They are reusable
they can be nested
Two types of Components 
1.class Components
2.functional Components

functional components
ans:they are java script functions where they can receive properties and return JSX


Class components
ans.class components are basically es6 classes
similarly functional components class components also optionally receives props and return JSX
can also maintain private internal state similar words in maintain some private information which is private to that componet and use that info to describe user interface


what is extends doing in class component in react?
Using the extends keyword, you can allow the current component to access all the component's properties, including the function, and trigger it from the child component. 


Render in class component
The render() method is of course called when a component gets updated, it has to re-render the HTML to the DOM, with the new changes.


JSX
Extensions of Java script language syntax
write XML-like code for elements and components.
JSX tags have a tag name,attribute and children
JSX ultimately transpile to pure Java script which is understood by the browsers.

with out JSX
import React, { Component } from "react";

class Hello extends Component {
  render() {
    // return (
    //   <div>
    //     <h1>Hello vishwas</h1>
    //   </div>
    // );
    return React.createElement(
      "div",
      null,
      React.createElement("h1", null, "hello vishwas")
   //second parameter describe about attribute
   
      );
  }
}
export default Hello;


JSX differences
class=>className;
for=>htmlFor
camelcase

How we can access props in class components
ans.we can access props in class component using through this key word example this.props.value
and props has default name we canot change thatbut in functional component we can
props are readbla only they are immutable


Can we pass a hook as a prop React?
ans:useState is a hook, useCallback is a hook, or even for a matter any function, which encapsulates other hooks, these should not be passed as prop




Props vs state
Props get passed to the component
function parameter
states are managed with in the component
variable declared in the function body
state can we changed
props are immutable



How State can be used in class component

what is State in react?
ans.A state is nothing butan object privately maintained inside the component by react



when we modify state directly in class component react will not re render
we always we have to use setState



Super() in React component
Super() function is to call the constructor of the parent class. 
It is used when we need to access a few variables in the parent class.
 It returns an object which represents the parent class.



 when we have to update the state based on the previous state we should pass function as an arguments
  allways make use of setState
  if certain code should be executed after setState has been updated place the code in call back function is the second arguments to the setState method
  when you have to update state based on the prev state value pass in a function as an arguments instead of regular object



      //there are two wasy to destructre the props in functional component
    //first way to destruce in function parameter



     A key is special string attribute you need to include when creating list of elements.
     Key property cannot access in child component.
     keys gives the element to stable identity.
     keys helps React identity whch have changed are added or are removed
     Help in efficient of the user interface



     Index as Key
     When to use index as a key
     1.The item in your list do not have a unique id.
     the list is a static list and will not cange.
     the list will never be recorded or filtered.



     What is bind in Java script?
     Ans:The bind method creates a new function that wehn called has its this key word set to provider value